flush tank of Hindustan/ Parryware/ Hindware
Road facing , Jain temples touching.
Beautiful  scenery with large panchayath play ground only 1/2 km from the junction near the muslim mosque, boundary wall with 2 storied house
chiseled homes , jain Dream City
Residential apartment in Hindustan lever society at one of the prime location.
living at Jain Dream City
back side of Hindustan Motors (
chellammal school , hindu mission hospital
Landmark : Adjoining Hindustan Engineering College
This multi-million dollar Foundation works for the upliftment of Muslim Population around the world
There is a hindu temple and religious places.
Medical clinics including hindustan health point
Deoband has lately become a hub of muslim education.
The site locate near 1 km From Vadakunathan Temple,Thiruvambadi Temple, Trichur Basilica and 1 km from Muslim Mosque, 400 Meters from Sri. 
engg college , hinduja projects , parks nearby
proximity to the Jain Temple 
with high quality hindustan tiles flooring
Park facing with Jain Mandir ,
are fitted with Hindustan sanitary ware
back side of Hindustan Motors very
away from Lohia Jain IT park
prestigious project of jain farms (
built as per hindu Vasthu 
railway station , Hindu mission hospital
road near to Hindu college railway
100 mts from Hinduja nagar staff
terrace rights in JAINA APARTMENT .
details contact nishant jain 9873709203 Residential Apartment
for Rent at Hindustan Park 
area , Behind Jain Temple ,
building has a jain temple on the ground floor.
Very near db jain college .
and g.k. sheety hindu vidyalaya
from Reputed Builder Jains and having
like adinath , jain builders.The area is nice.
is Built by Jain Housing one
from the aligarh muslim university. Residential plot
to the incomparable Jains Tufnell Park
very near to Jain housing Hitech
Prominent landmark nearby jain college
acres opp to jain temple on
Land available for Resort in Jain Corbet available in 4
the Thane station and a Jain temple in close vicinity
apartment project near Haveli and Jain temple. Residential plot available for
from the junction near the muslim mosque , boundary wall
Please Contact Mr sukesh jain 9845472559 
Plots for Sale Developed by HINDUSTAN PROPERTIES PVT LTD. RAJADHANI
Plot at Thoraipakkam , near Jain College at OMR for
agricultural land at 16km from Hindupur-Penukonda Road Highway Road adjacent
BHK mulund East near Shankheshwer Jain temple on main road
proximity to educational institutions , Jain Temple , & other
Adjoing With Hindustan Engg 
School , Mother Dairy , Hindu Temple , Gurudwara are
before agra infront of Hindustan Engg 
40*60 - 2400 Sq.Ft. Residential Property for sale, near Hindu College near Avadi.
religious places , banks , Jain Temple are in proximity
New Projects coming up in the vicinity include Pharma City, Textile Park and Hinduja Power Plant
available for sale. Jain farm is modern farm
in to the making of Hinduja Lake Front Estate
2-bedroom home at Jain Heights covers a delightful
Property located near hindu college railway station 
first preference goes to hindu peoples. Shop available on rent.
the latest offering from Jain Heights and Structures Pvt
It is a bengali hindu landlord property.
Basilica and 1 km from Muslim Mosque , 400 Meters
Nearby hinduja auto motives 
and 20 km from mathura.opposite hindustan college.adjoining is forest land
Aditya Birla Supermarket and Hindu temple in the vicinity
grounds ] is located behind hindu college in avadi and
Three 2 Cr Mr Anil Jain May Fair Gardens
available for sale Front of jain mandir  One acre land
of santacruz west near a jain temple and podar school
In a very resonable cost In Jain City upcoming residential project
Dev Nagri College Apsara Cinema Jain Mandir Jain Dharam Shala
and ISI Standard fitting and Hindustan or Parryware Sanitary Warebr
facility 2 Bedrooms flat close to Jain temple walkable 7 mins
on 1st Floor Besides of Jain Temple Road touch Residential Plot
Residential flat for sale at Hindustan Road Asking Price
Hiranandani etc SSN Fomra Jeppiar Hindustan Eng Colleges Good Schools
in proximity to gardens schools Jain temple in the range
to railway station and Madras Christian College
spaces a 2bedroom home at Jain Heights covers a delightful
of life and style at Jain Heights a home thats
in the Surroundings of Navgrah Jain Mandir Residential Land for sale
at Krishna Nagar Near to Jain Temple
at Ettumuna very near to Muslim Pally Road side very
lately become a hub of muslim education
Cent Square plot Near Masjid Christian Church Famous Siva kashi
Basilica and 1 km from Muslim Mosque 400 Meters from
of the 700 flats of Jains Green Acres
Excellent location next to jain temple just 3 mins
1st is from jainagar 1st blockbr behind rajive
Kendra SchoolCollage Kenseri School Kristu Jain collage Manyata Tech Park
residential land area available near Jain College with 30 feet
from Aralippalam Malabar hospital 5km from Christian College 300mtre from High way
Barnagar road 6 kms from ujjain rates Rs
doctorsoffice space also ideal for JainGujarati Family who wants to
and Thane peaceful community living Jain Mandir and Church within
Madras christian college and bharat engineering college are just a few kilometers away.
Parallel road to madras christian college campus, Gated community,24 hours security,Very quite area.
Jain Temple near to Complex
East near Shankheshwer Jain temple on main road
University and many colleges StStephens Hindu and SRCC are nearby
Residential property in Jaina Building Roshanara road delhi
project is very close to jain temple devanahalli
of ontime delivery have made Hinduja Holdings more than just
in to the making of Hinduja Lake Front Estate
shares its nearness to a Jain Temple Schools Shopping Commercial
Near by 1 shwetamber jain mandir
garden,Party hall,Jain temple,Play ground, Choice and taste of people keep on changing
like market, banks,Doctor,Medical, jain temple, joggers-Park.20min.
Bungalows/commercial properties.
road no.10, near jain temple
surrounded by many prestigious educational institutions including ssn, sathyabama, hindustan, jeppiar, mnm jain, kcg engineering
Outstanding location,Near by shop ,Temple,Greenery location,Near by shopping mall,Near by atm
2 bhk on rent in next to hinduja hospital, mahim
The apartment has a view to the lake and is located next to hindustan college and opposite chetinad hospital which is very convenient
Near to jain temple, mandir, church.
Jain temple, mandir, church near by.
opposite the brooksfield complex housing the hindustan unilever organisation in bangalore.
before hindustan university
the property is located near siddhivinayak temple & there in jain temple in complex.
impressive elevation with well planned complex near hindustan more , garia.
infosys new campus.Hindustan liver limited, tvs motor company, caterpillar, ashok leyland etc.
less than 5 kms from many it companies, adjacent to hindustan engineering college.
Garh ganga (Brijghat) has considerable religious importance among the hindus.
it is in the close proximity of the crescent engineering college, shankara vidyaalaya, vandalur zoo, madras christian college, tamilnadu.
Residential land near christian college chengannur
3 bhk flat for sale in near christian college,Calicut.
Adjacent to madras christian college and cosh hospital
after crossing madras christian college, you will travel towards aagaram road and at the end of the road you will find bharath university.
Green house project has launched its project at christian pally, kaligunj, in bidhan nagar, durgapur.
Its opposite to andhra muslim college
3 bhk, 1593 sq ft in the residential project  the altura by jain group in sarjapura road.
Located next to jain derasar and in close proximity of colleges
 near to jain and hindu mandir , vitrified tiles in bathroom
Near jain derasar and haveli
hospital play ground bank all with 2 min walking distance jain derasar best bus facility
Property is in premium location , Jain derasr ,Temple  veg market is walkable distance
Hospital all at walkable distance jain derasar, Haveli, Ganpatibapa temple at walkable distance
Near parasdham, Jain derasar, Swaminarayan mandir & other religious places
Fully ventilated flat with good locality which includes the amenities in the society like jain derasar, Garden etc
Located next to jain derasar and in close proximity of colleges
Located near shiv mandie and jain derasar
Peaceful places likes temples, Churches, Mosques, Gardens,Etc
from the junction near the muslim mosque , boundary wall
for sale , Front of jain mandir One acre land
terrace rights in Jaina Apartment .
Grand Hyatt hotel before Sambhav Jain temple15 min away from
On higher floor facing jain mandir 5 minutes distance from mulund rly.
College & hindustan institute of technology
Wash basin and eurpean type toilet seats of parryware, Cera, Hindustan or equivalent
Well connected to major medica,L engineering and arts colleges and universities(Srm university, Vels university,Madras christian college
Near jain college
Ideally located behind madras christian college, East tambaram
Very near to christian church with english medium lp school, Govt.
Multiple clinics,Sugan multispeciality hospital,East coast christian matriculation school
Very close to international airport, School, College, Super market, Jain temple, Commercial hubs like midc-Seepze, Hiranandani business park
Pragaya sagar vihar is an integrated township in jaipur south near world renowned jain temple
Centrally located with 1 mm distance to hypercity,Petrol pump,Market,Jain temple,Bus stop.
10 minutes walking from station close to jain derasar ,Market  on s.V road pls call for inspection before its too late
5 minutes walking from station close to hindu temple ,Market  on s.V road.
prime location of mulund ashok nagar behind sarvodaya jain mandir at vary vary reasonable rate
The township is fully loaded with modern amenities like Swimming pool, Club house, Gymnasium, Jain temple, Ganesh temple, Two car parking
mr road, Thoraipakkam, Near jain college, 1800 sqft(30x60) vacant patta land, 75 lakhs,Negotiable
See report in the hindu metroplus and times property dated 24-11-12
2.5km for c.M.C hospital(Christian medical college)
Green house project has launched its project at christian pally, Kaligunj, In bidhan nagar, Durgapur
Just 1 km from christian church(Rc/jacobite) and temple, 2 km from euro  tech maritime academy
just 100 mtrs from national school and  madras christian college.
It has shrines dedicated to most of the religions of the world, Budhhist shrines and christian churches can be found on the same hill range.
There are numerous churches available in this locality the prominent one being the madipakkam christian assembly at jacob street
Christian church and temple within 3 kms.
70% is christian and church and school is just close by.
Near collages like madras christian collage, Bharath engg collage, Sree lakshmi ammal engg collage.
New furnished flat for sale at christian college, This flat is on 3rd floor.
10 mins walkable distance from vasai station, Near icici bank, Muslim mosque close-By
4km from hindustan motor & lancer car companies
Barely 2 mins walking  distance from bandra hindu association hall.
Near hindu mission hospital.
Very near to sahara city, Radha swamy satsang,Saral bihari mandir, Jain mandir and before kanak vatika
1km from avadi bus stop & railway station 1km from hindu collage station.
Hindu and sikh temple 0.5 km.
Nr qutab metro station,Walking distance from jain mandir,3 bedroom set with car parking ,Registered property.
Auda garden and jain temple 2 minutes walk.
Vicinity : Jain temple, Laxmi narayan temple and mahakali temple are at stone throw distance from the building.
3 bhk sale at  right bhusari colony, Near lohiya jain it park, Paud road, 1400 sqft, 3 washrooms, 1 balcony, 1st floor, Total 3 floors.
Like jain mandir, School, College, Bank, Hospital,Bus stop,Market,Shopping mall.Etc
Just 2 mins walking distance from famous jain mandir, Degree college, Intermediate college and four wheeler agency etc.
A new building near jain tample and havelli total vej sosciety walkable station market a sami furnished flat
Plot available for sale(250 sq yards) in guntur,Andhra pradesh.Its in sangatigunta,Ponnur road,Near to andhra muslim college,Guntur
Property is located in prime area in jhotwara near jain mandir.
Available 2 bhk in sarvoday jain mandir rd allowed for both veg & non veg  family.
Opp to christian collage, On the way 23 engg.Collages.
5 mins walk from christian church
Cosmopolitan society with people from all faiths: Mohamadans, Hindus, Sikhs, Christians, And others
Its in christian nagar near opposite pratap vihar.
Near union christian school/ our ladies/ maharashi/ sindhi model/ seetha kingston/ bain school/ lady aandal/ chinmaya
celebrated with great plomp by the christians on the island.
This house is located 500 mtrs away from the mc road the nss medical mission hospital as well as christian medical mission hospital.
Near the famous christian divine prayer centre and is 20 kms.
Jain temple in near vicinity - 200mts
Close proximity to railway station, Jain derasar, Malls, Hospitals and bus connections to all western/central suburbs.
Independent house /villa for sale at excellent location in vaishali nagar , Very near to jain mandir, Excellent construction of the property
The project is located very near to jain college.
Newlly built residential apartment for sell in hindustan park south facing on the 4th floor with lift.
This project is prominently located on aligarh delhi bypass and at 3 km from aligarh muslim university and 5 km from aligarh 
Hindu or muslim no issue any religion
Such as mussorie, Nainital and hindu holy cities of haridwar and rishikesh along with the himalayan pilgrimage circuit of char dham
Semi furnished , Flat , Available for sale in hindu fortune villa  near hi-Tech citl  mm tc,
An important town in ancient hindu mythology.
Approved land and bulding 1200 sqft land and 2000 sqft at hindu collage.
Very close to  hindu collage railway station l     good location.
This plot located near hindustan motors behind
College of arts and science, The hindu and a 4 star hotel aloft (Within 2 kms) and coimbatore tidel park (In 4.1 kms)
Modern residential apartment available on sale at a prime location at hindustan park near gariahat  with south facing, Lift, At rs.2 crores.
Hospitals like neo life,Hindu mission,Kf hospital are extremely close by
Light Ventilation Vegetarian Society Near Jain Derasar Haveli Ganesh Temple Posh
Opposite to hindustan marine engineering college, Near kalpakkam,Tamilnadu
Centrally located near station,Bus stop,Jain and hindu temples,Schools,College,Markets,Etc..
Located in adjesend tonungambakkam village & hindustan motor company.
Very near to jain temple and other temples. In kozhikode mavoor road, Kottooli, 1517 sq.Ft.
Tci, Emami, Godrej, And hindustan unileaver, Godown in this campus.Also having licence for fire & explosive goods.
Near to hindustan naka
Jains rock garden is one of the popular residential developments in madhapur of hyderabad
onverted 2 bhk for sale in a prime location , Landscaped garden , Srinathji haveli, Jain derasar, Gujrati locality
Spacious 1 bedroom hall kitchen with 2 bathroom furnished flat with store room on lease at gamdevi very near to jain mandir.
A muslim palli and church is nearby the spot
It enjoyes the proximity to esteemed aligarh muslim university campus, And barely 10 minutes drive from civil lines.
Residential plot is ready for sale, Muslim mosque is 150 meters, Christian church is 50 meter way.
Karpaga vinayagar temple, Amman temple, Masjid al akbar, Advent christian church, Krishnan tennis court.
Very quiet place right in front of mp christian college church
Aashray is located in durgapur at christian pally, Kaliganj, Arrah, Bidhan nagar.
near to schools and reputed colleges (Sri sankara vidhyalaya, Boaz, Zion, Madras christian college, Bharat engineering)
The morning star school, National convent school, The lnct & lnit college, The christian missionary school and many others
Bus faslity in out site,Green field airpot just 9km for out site,Plot oppoSite christian college
New booking of 3 & 4 bhk luxurious flat at developing area of althan canal road with jain derasar & hindu temple.
The jain group launches its new residential project dream excellency awaits you at rajarhat,
Client relations are excellent and jain group has a name for fair dealings.
from one of the greatest Muslime University in the world
Close to hindu senior school, Indira nagar mrts station
Its a newly constructed apartment 5 minutes walking from borivali station and very close to jain derasar.
Swimming pool,Ganpati temple,Jain temple in the premises.
Located at hindustan park, Near krystal chopstick.
We provide flats here to many corporate clients working in hindustan unilever, Standard chartered bank, Tata aig, Idea
Land - Veeralakshmi nagar - Close to hindu college rly station unapproved
Near to hindustan institute of technology and science and
30 seconds walkable from jain derasar, Shiv mandir, Ram mandir, Muslim masjid.
Stationery store next building, Christian church - 100 mtrs, Muslim church - 500 mtrs, Temple - 1 km, Schools - 1 km
lt in the traditional muslim style, The house is more than 70 years old and has high roof with wooden ceiling with more than 6 ft clearance.
Led from the front by chandra prakash jain, Group chairman, Sanjay jain and siddharth sethia, Joint managing directors
Location: Chandapura attibele road, Opposite jain temple, Gudatti gate.
Walkable distance with all types of temples - Including jain, With banking facility
2 kms from madras christian college, 2 kms from hindu mission hospital,  4 kmsfrom  zoo and cresentengg.
Its very close to hindustan university and chettinad medical college, Near padur bus stop.
Amirtha university, Karpagam technology, Madukkarai  market, Narayanaguru college, Hindustan engineering college,  Texcity college
Designed as per vastu with jain architecture, Blossom heritage is a place to live, Relax and revi
Near Sahu jain college
The project is located very near to jain college.
In the heart of aligarh near aligarh muslim  university.
2 BHK For Sale 880 Sq.Ft. in proximity to gardens schools Jain temple
Christian college is located opposite to our plot
3BHK, 1700 Sqft flat in hinduja Park, Marathahally
Excellent and safest location. Sr. Sec. School, Mother Dairy, Hindu Temple, Gurudwara are at stone throw distance
Location:Aashray is located in durgapur at christian pally, Kaliganj, Arrah, Bidhan nagar.
Green house project has launched their project aashray apartment at christian pally, Kaliganj, Bidhan nagar, Durgapur.
Near by maharishi  school ,  Union christian school , Chetpet railway station
The balconies of the apartment overlook a lush green garden belonging to a christian missionary school.
Kallara also have many churches of certain christian factions.
Prime location and all hindu and jain derasar in the complex
Also referred to as delhi akshardham or swaminarayan akshardham, The complex displays millennia of traditional hindu and indian culture,
Only for a select few eco conscious families, Hinduja lake front estate is a place of beautiful gardens, Excellent
The twiddling and swirling currents of river hindun adds a misted touch to the entire mystique.
Located close to Hindustan bakery.
Residential flat for sale in Hindustan Road
It has the Jain International School and the Valley school in the vicinity (10 minutes Drive)
This is a part of the 800 acres of nature’s beauty in a privately-gated, secluded haven, Jain Farms, Bagalur, 32Km from its Airport
Near babu ram school, back of Ration office road, Having Jain and Hindu Mandir also on the same road.
M.M.D.A approved plot Near hindu college Rly Station (next to Avadi).
located near hindustan engg. college on NH-2,between Mathura and Agra,300 acres land,suitable to develope farm houses
1500sft Land for sale in triplicane with demolishing condition building, West facing near Hindu School











